his dream that one day they'll be able
to do a show in front of a bunch of
candles in about a 12-foot pillow
is big sign somebody manufactured and
paid for the sign do not forget your
luggage jewelry or clothing they put a
metal plate in my head and uh and
honestly that's actually pretty cool as
ever since that I can change my mind
with a magnet okay that sounds fun
doesn't it happen to the hungry it's
always refrigerator
like man I'm started oh not not a dancer
but I went because I'm a nice guy like
and it happens it always does every time
start doing that YMCA is LOL is here you
go there's a telephone call that you get
probably two or three times a year I'd
never get it hey Derek I'm moving
saturday that never happens we can think
about I thought that was cool
dr. naturally fly in circles
get kind of attendant into it and do you
know what i get when i go yeah it's
called a handicap pass that forever but
that's the day you know that disease up
a week anyone want to do three hours on
there it's right up front we're actually
on the back we can ride any ride just
like that pretty sweet isn't it and you
know what the cool part is we can take
three people with us so if you want
craigslist right now for two hundred
fifty dollars a day I'll go with you
because the
I get questions all the time you know
hey Darius so you know Steve down at the
bend or you know something like this I'm
thinking that did we even go to the same
College no he's in a wheelchair we don't
know each other you guys
I don't think in Dallas any way to go to
a gay bar and ask all those got some
dancing no Jeff Gordon
I just lost half the audience
it's our love you dad it's going you
never get a second chance to make a
first impression this working with old
people
seriously I gotta make a few friends
every day sometimes every meal right I
can tell the same jokes on the way off
of the way back there remember okay all
right some of them do remember they
didn't hear me go on this trip into the
Canary Islands I'm all jacked up and
extend this to the festival they've ever
had they're gonna love me right we get
there the second day every one of them
is mad at me interline there's no
Canaries
so I took it to the Virgin Islands
notice of the Canaries there
Travis figures these seven or eight
years ahead on the Internet I think
that's cool man
what's your name what is it my boss you
getting internet it worked out right
that's fine Mary
it's almost normal nowadays
I'm serious
I just single glad okay
maybe this guy's we think ladies long
you think they must look big all right
yeah I get friends and those got 375
dollars on a gym membership at gold's
gym or something like this whatever dude
I just got three dollars and
seventy-five cents on attack of t-shirts
at Baby Gap if you have any idea how
difficult it is to create those profiles
online using only levels on the right
side of the keyboard my name is hitch
give me a second question people we just
met you guys know this that give me the
second question I maybe just that
somebody a second question is you know
where are you from you know how long
have you lived here 100 25 last resort
com you know just you but lots because I
love the language and so they get to one
of those words you know it's like a
little injectibles ok so chili cheese
holding this girl's hand she's not going
away she's not even moving right so I
know at this point she wants me good
luck fellas my left hand
total day because everybody here for
this point snore
if you want two things you want to
tackle any more games hair back
that's what it just says very simply you
look way better on myspace this was an
obvious these for you
genuine chawala
be open to Allah she said did somebody
plan
nice and love and the top of the lies
you know that that's awawa can chill the
run while oh so did you know that it's
cat seriously yeah it's not the throw